[Music]
man I almost forgot I almost forgot
this is about dad my honor but
well since I know that there are gentlemen
kids who also like us well I'm
going to announce it here okay the two
did
Charlotte lascuráin is talking bad about
you
Charlotte is a priest in let's see
priest
who is it
but it's on YouTube that
Charlotte is a priest
ah
elche has let's
see I'm going to
wait for it
which
in tui doesn't exist
so where is he talking bad
the troll or not
this to me as everything is bad today
this bastard have mercy on grandpa
have mercy on grandpa uncle
well let's see before we start with
the subject it turns out that in said
battery
okay I
love you it's that look really when
when they are topics of youtubers this in
the afternoon does not happen but when they are topics
of youtube the cha has to put it as a
member it does not fail and man
two failures
topics of brats I came to everyone in the chat
not failed it does not
fail yes jolie you also go ea but
well now in your way it is put as a
member of the ertzaintza that nothing that in my kids
we have added this you see
apart from the forum that you have the forum to go in and
chat about any youtube
tv shows
temptation island is you have another another section
in the movie forum that uses it is very
little okay it would be my audience the movie
kind of gives a bit of a damn well you
have we have added something else
we have added something else
the other tv
okay news
news right now look right now
for example apart from all
the news of the day cannabis okay right now
for example here is the minuted
god
to mention anywhere and you can't
follow the gala of that cree story well you
are here watching the minuted pam pam
pam it is updating every every time
something happens pam pam pam pam it is
updating I mean it seems incredible to me
god it seems
incredible how it is being done
god look at his video javi stole
200 dollars from me
for payment initiatives or whatever he is
doing man let's see the good of
good rights and in fact yes in fact yes
in fact yes it resembles angel it does not have
an image but within d
an angel within 5 or 10 years
but  now it seems he's a friend of
Vegeta he's not a friend of Vegeta I didn't
know him but you've asked me actively
and passively to see what he says so
let's listen to it because
apparently he puts it in its place
[Music]
a grave I
bet program listen to it
milk if I didn't know God I didn't
know him the truth
many years in this have you ever
seen him take charge of a keyboard or a
table with a blow of the bad host of
frustration no to xxvi he's not aggressive
that he's a guy that's a guy that has a
strong temper he always has a
temper and it ends in two minutes
you know that it's very short it
's a match in a blue lighthouse and if it turns off
in two seconds
maybe then it's a thing that when you
see that Aleix militar
thank you very much I say because I read I don't
know how many responses 2,000,000 kalex
aggressive friend of Vegeta from reviews of
Willy and
Alex I thought what a stupid person who said silence media easily and it's very simple in that I already tell you that it has nothing to do with the controversy
itself  but in one thing that is coming I
tell you that you should get to know him as I know him I
already told you that it's not going to
be like that in the end and I don't know I don't know
if followed by Juans here I don't know if
now yes that around here Juan and Juanmi I think he
is one of the people who probably
knows XXI the most okay
of those who can be on the live I do
n't know if he is still here but if they
were here I would tell you
Juani may have known
XXVI for many years but he knows him in a
different way than I
know him the relationship with me
from Allegri you know that it is a relationship
that is established that is different
we talk very often I don't know what and I even
believe frankly it is not to be arrogant or
even much less but that I know
Alex better than Juani with that I
am not discrediting Juanín and
much less that vocation it is a
relationship that is one of friendship talking almost
every day and such well it is different from the
relationship that you can establish with people
part of your community that you adore it is
like I can adore  gabi to juani to
adrià elena to san juan ex well if
someone is live that has already left
model why
I was thank you very much
and as I tell you that for me I already tell you
that
and alex know it
and you are judging by what I think that you
judge by what you do which is logical
because in the end the information that you
have and that you do not have to believe
me either but I for the relationship that I have
of three years of friendship with joy
is not someone aggressive is someone who
has soon if they have them but now the
subject to see or would I be wrong by minute
karime
minutes and the fool
is writing how he talks about the fbi and what we
want is we want
real blood always the
wrong mother minutes
karime those facts and speaking of 1920 to
well let's have a little patience
especially if it does not produce me I tell you it
is
precisely because I know that alex is a
very
discreet person who does not like certain things
and what
but friends of his sometimes whether a
friend of alex or of any
person rather said I think that sometimes you have to
respect their opinion by  what
one thinks although I think that
certain things are unfair and that they are
telling us certain things
in the end saying what
seems fair to me will be an act of selfishness
regarding my friendship with Alex
because in the end I do believe that to carry on in a certain
way and want to say certain things
is within his full right
and that is why
Axel thank you very much Rey I
prefer in certain things probably
not to say certain topics although I think
that I already told you that
I am only going to say one thing that old guy said a
long time ago the day that
Vegeta leaves YouTube and talks you are going to freak out
but it is that he wants to come to us vegetal I
have told Vegetales he has already hit on him
twice man and says that it is
not for anything for me or for my
content or anything that he respects me
a lot and so on but that he says he does not get involved he
leaves the CMT that no
bg is there the day that the day he leaves
YouTube and you leave and goes to talk it has to be
with me you see what you saw the
salsa singer that was armed, I do not know mangel
music no idea what it is about that is
who and what  is and Vázquez music that day
so you're going to freak out
that day it's not that Vegeta is leaving YouTube it's that he's
going to make a few people leave
YouTube they said those who are going to fall
surely
a city to the buoy because they are some
scoundrels
that day so the day that more vegetables
said he said the day that I leave I'm going to
explain all the things that people
think are one way and are
another and how many things have been done
the day that vegetables from YouTube I
hope because when I leave YouTube
I tell you that
three or four of them are
going to have to take and close not because
they want to but because they won't be able to leave
thanks Dalia thank you very much they
will be like Vegeta's memoirs don't
William go I don't agree what he says
is that the truth always comes to light
why are there
times that more important than the
truth sometimes is as I tell you the
interests of the people then
me up or give you an example okay William
imagine that you and I are we have
written a book together to
say something we have not released okay you and I
have a  music group okay william
and you and I can't even stand each other but
we have a contract signed with a
music production company that we have to release
five more albums and that they're going to pay us
so much money okay so
even though we can't even see each other
william you and I are going to go up on
stage together we're going to pretend that
we get along and yes and if someone
tells you that it's true because you don't
believe us when they come to ask us we're going
to say that it's a lie and that we
get along that we have a very
cordial and very correct relationship sometimes there are
higher interests and even the
people themselves who don't like it pretend to
see other things
once
and I'll show you an example of a
music group and I think here in Spanish an
example of her dancing alone there are two
girls who couldn't even stand each other's faces
that they were at each other's throats I said well that they were at each other's throats that they
had a count
that comes in handy it's a name Ali fiscal and
that they had to be I don't know how
long releasing albums together until
the contract ended and from then on
each one went their own way
and there are times when that happens when
part of your job has to do with
facing the public  Sometimes you find yourself and
even if
they know that certain things are a certain way,
all the people involved in it will
deny it because there are
too many interests behind it, so sometimes
the truth doesn't always come out.
I've said that there are things, there are
things that people don't know,
that they don't have to know of course,
but what surprises me is that
collaborations are made with
people who come between some guys and others,
not only can they not see each other, but serious,
serious things have happened
and I'm not going to give you names, there are many
of all those who participate in this
series, serious things, but in a serious way,
something that one cannot forgive one's life for,
something very, very serious, there are people who have
done very, very serious things to other colleagues
that one cannot forgive in
life
with things that they have, they would even have to
end up somewhere else
and go and they're there collaborating,
playing maestro, playing bowls, and I
just became a member, kids, man,
thanks, I saw it, I
imagine it will be the one you sent me
'daily mail'
and it's like I say, well, I don't do that all
the time,
whoever I can't see
or whoever I don't see clearly knows
yes, numbers are moral
as long as you can live,
many times the truth doesn't come out in front, I'll
give you another example, for example, in the
Castle series, the main actor and the
main actress couldn't even see each other
when they paid them, they got along like
crazy,
you know, they
couldn't even see each other, they couldn't kill each other
and since they couldn't level each other
directly, but in terms of the public, I do
n't know what, but later it was the example of
why not renew him,
I know that listening to this
country, he has to copy your mini boss
because the one who's shorter than me with your mini
boss is working and lately he's been
very busy
before talking about you just when I
stated it, mind for the ship ready, thank you
very much for giving me a
subscription to Paola, to Paula 22
and he spoke about voice and what he said about me
out of curiosity about Juani,
okay, okay, the law said about me,
well, it's normal, to me, what I
told him
yesterday when they finished the hoop, I
spoke directly with Aro, I spoke with Aro, not with him
but I spoke with him and we were
talking to him for a while
but it's what I told them, I said
public support  of course but in private
too in the end we are friends
and it's not about being friends but he is
right that what they have said is
true
and that things are like that you think it is
logical easy
hello my love to greet
a male child
now well there are developed that
many days ago you have not been here by
the channel
your new ones
I am a symbol a lot well
let's eat people that here it is
five thirty and I have not eaten anything since
breakfast, that's it I have
said nothing more but yes
if you were all sending me I will eat it
like I was
going to explode I had
and I was exposing myself that I had a cameo there
the subject of the victim
and also uploaded a video on youtube
where he says more things
and
karime is going to send that it was not
caribe she is going to send that she was not good
people well what I bring you now is
a little strange because it is an inside to an
excerpt of what has happened and in tweets
that by the way follow me on my
tweets channel that you have it in the description and
also before October 31st we
reached a thousand subscribers in tweet I
will do a screening of a  directly creating a
cryptocurrency that you can buy and
do whatever you want with it but well
getting back to what's important I'm
creating a Christ and this is already
creating the cry currency with this of course they
are taking away seriousness from the other
inside because it is a delicate subject it is the
subject of youtube pri wine okay for
those who do not know what it is that you
are working with the whole subject of
youtube and higuain I tell you that you have
channels like del sur brother
javi oliveira naut airplay
love where you can inform yourselves
okay and well I do not have a change
thanks to that yes and thank you very much
man what do I paint well I paint end my
friendship with Alex that we had
information since before the church is
published
us when he tells us all the
things well we
advise Alex that well exactly he
says is that I am going to say it he says I know that
I am going to get a lot of hate for these things
because if not I will not be able to sleep well I am going to be
waiting for people that I know
are my friends and Alex then
decides to say it and I tell you
frankly I Alex  I told the ex that's what
happens to you, I mean if you were more evil I
would have acted differently because if Alex
were more evil or wanted this to
prove that he was right Alex would have
kept quiet, he would have waited for
everyone, three people had recorded
because he had the information that it wasn't
thought to decide and that he had the
information that they weren't going to
say it and then he would have said it because
then it couldn't have been decided, it's not that we
thought to say it no, no, there are already
people who have recorded but Alex said no because there are people who have
recorded
there are people who have recorded because if not, the
people who have already recorded, let them be the
first, I will be failing them and that's why
Alex made it public
Javi who is the bell he
better not say it here I ask for a little more
evil, let's say, I would have liked to
act
in a way that everyone like
because we told him, we told the
team today that son no because if not I'm
going to fail him people say that I don't know
who they are but I don't feel like it so that it is
known
then that is speaking in his position
a little for  as far as we know, that is to say, Alex
always night and end today he
will prefer to forgive me and Alex before and
everything of going out to fly as you know
Haro explained the other day he spoke with a
series of big creators to say
today we are going to be able to put the money into everyone
so that when this breaks out as this is
going to have consequences the rival doesn't get tired
and now it seems to me that well, Alex is
very excited and some of you are going to say
again that I don't understand why
Alex is still excited about the
issue of the end it is
not done for or for Allen Molón or
for Rubios or for
Alex or for Willy it is not done for anyone
here it is not done for YouTube the ritual is
done for the community so that all
the communities feel identified
and to create community then that is
the objective of the Gualeguay River it is not a
selfless act I do
not miss it I do not
miss it no
when I when the little
speech of the parish priest comes here to me of it is done for the
community it is very nice it is a business neither
more nor less okay
Alem Molón did it  like a video to
have a viral video to push it by
community or anything and then when it has been
done when all the youtubers already participate, it has been
done to break it
and it is that knowing that the video is very good I
no longer want because with this but
to see the video that I am thinking
due to a [ __ ] no service it is very
good it is a very powerful video to edit the
production of the edition is incredible it
is not a pro video
but it is not a video for the community
that unites the entire community that I do not know what
video I have not made made
it has been done to push it
or rather all the youtube videos
season
javi making cameos in all the places
that great well they had already been in kindergarten
sending me this they did not know towards change
knowing it is normal that in fact it should have
poured more changes because the
exclusive brick things as they are
but very well in fact if you have been the
only one of the greats who has had the
balls to mention me
in which nobody has to make a
profit in any neither is that
nobody has to lose anything
and that is why alex before explaining
everything publicly decided how to
prepare this to say well like
when this probably jumps javi the
community of salt or they don't care
surpass no no no if I don't have it more
than surpassed Kim you don't
know what's happening then it's not for the community because they are not for the group of friends I don't know they don't admit the wishes it's that they don't invite the makeup ones it's that they don't invite to the animations it's who invites in it almost nobody are the
groups of friends
and that's it
nothing happens but it's very cold what there is
there god look at the issue of the
apart from that it represents
the Spanish-speaking community but not at
all but not at all because there are
many groups of people missing but a
lot
many people from the sun
many people from makeup many
people from sanse or not many
people from
news
many people from television I
had a lot of television no that there would
also enter Juanjo I'm not telling you they
are the schools and points but they are the
cool ones what were called the
white groups and it is at most false
wounded because I am not even friends
I am ordinary people there is to collaborate
because I am the famous
but the community does not represent
the community  Spanish: Spanish speaking not a
joke not a joke they are the kids' favorites
okay
but there are a lot of people who don't
know them there are a lot of people who maybe
imagine a makeup person well
maybe they have a lot of people they
don't have 400 thousand or 500 thousand subscribers
who don't know the blond and they don't know
Greece and they don't know Ibai and this is how it is
even if you think it isn't
literally like that
my lord Heria doesn't know these people they do
n't know them
so this is a video that represents
the Hispanic community of YouTube we don't
pay not a joke
that is their little group and all the
famous cool milestones of the kids
I am there and among them being me
among them fall would be
look from friends friend to friend it is the
gaming community it is the community of
children's kids I cracked up when
they said that the rival was not family friendly there are four people who are in isolation the boots look d auro of all the people opens one is a friend of perchas well billy and even his friend also of juan de lear and of 88 he never participates in the huai river either no  the subject passes
and that does not represent anything
that does not represent they are their group, their
group the ones who go behind smelling,
smelling the asses and licking the
feet, Rodin Jr.'s cat
and the tasting on her knees have always been
joining one and the other
to the little groups trying to get closer to
the little groups of the cool ones because always
whoever contributes the most can be a bunch more
ass eaters that came out last year
there it is,
the capital's channel does not come out,
food channels either, they do not
watch them, they do not know, not even
food channels that are very famous or
good food channels that showed this
kid that many and Javier came out,
honor to the truth, those who do not
know him are not public either, go
see the wine river, of course, they are not going to see the
guaire river because they are people that they do not
know, you have said but if it were a
Uruguayan that truly represents the
Hispanic community, it would come out and everyone would see it
if Stick Stick yes, I think it came out in 1
of the 20 no,
last year Paul Agon came out, a video
of two months but  okay but also
but there are tons of channels look there are
channels about car stuff
that I already said I challenge them there are
like that about car stuff that teaches you in
car of course trick to remove it I'm
going to the cars but with tons of
followers channels with tons of
followers
travel channels family
channels there are
a ton of channels
many don't leave the group nor the
audience nor do you start investigating
but there are channels about everything everything of
Christ's currency
stock market
and with tons tons of followers and
people who don't know this group
the fitness community and totally
also that doesn't appear in the community
it's not even five and ten
percent of the community what appears in
the Huai River
about technology that doesn't appear that it doesn't appear it
's not that we get the ones from sanse or not about
animals totally about animals
fear the river that is breaking them
now because of some Isaac videos that I noticed
and has a lot of visits with that
and I there are a ton of movie channels total
I watch a lot of movie box
that is not 9th it
represents us that they are the friends and
points
there I go to smooth it is not seen
and then I  I've done this, it's
that I don't understand it, I mean, having
Sara, thank you very much, really, having to
look good and come on, let's do it
because Uruguay comes out because, I
mean, so much requested to collaborate on this video and it
turns out I know that they're going with a dirty trick to take it up the
ass and then understand or not, it's that I do
n't understand the fact of having to, having to
fix it, no, it's not a risk, not
even Win the Wind game, the Caribbean
is the rival of this group, point,
many gamers, many green of the
many gamers of a lot of games
that don't come out are the friends of these
people in the little group, the cool ones,
the cool ones and those who go around,
point,
host,
but
[Music]